hello everyone when you watch
this video I probably already at sea on
Today I would like to tell you that I am
taking with me from makeup today will be
as beauty cosmetics
and i like
This is how my cosmetic bag looks like
makeup here i am not so
so much I think nose and I need
I think the first thing so there is a brush
for blush for highlighter for powder general
I have this universal brush I
I use it for everything farther too
Maybellin Chinese I love very much
here too long ago and I use gel
Tint for eyebrows up to 3 luis I think
that this thing is also necessary to
quickly tint eyebrows very handy
me this is by the way shades 02 bibi cream
from meybellin and in shade you light it
have seen the same thing more than once
cool I use it very often
concealer from with he twentieth issue
shackles glossy kicks at zero fourth
room blush whitening fifty fifth
Room eyebrow pencil with brush
from rome and london in 0 4 room tassels
for the shadows I ordered on
Chinese website like this brush
further tweezers I think everything is clear here
shading sponge and chancellor
several cotton pads I think not
sure to come in handy further but those are not
That bulls room 399 I really like
this color is so delicate pink with
small glitter cool color to me
he likes it here side pocket
cotton buds are pointed for
in order to adjust the makeup also
here comes the nail file and
several varnishes
here is such a black varnish mail system
here is such a green yellow varnish yellow
varnish at sixty one hundred sixty
fourth room green 160 drink further
there is a pink lacquer or even for us
Fortifier thor le sens dry
I like them for a long time I use tits legs
flakes and does not hold for very long and
so with this cosmetic bag and all now
go to the care cosmetics care
I have all the cosmetics in this
cosmetic bags that bought the store cute
taking me to the road seems very convenient
and she is very roomy I will fly all
anything so let's start the first tonic
test us cool tonic me he is very
like and then wet wipes 1 rand
give odorless i don't like deodorants
west ome they just don't seem
interrupt the flavor of your turns therefore
this toilet is perfect for me
water from euro tires wild strawberry
exudates varnish removal with
with vitamins a and f pore-narrowing cream gel
to wash from the world world he is very much to me
like it still enjoyed and
stayed
dig further the most interesting thing is
baby shampoo timotei shampoo without tears
and princess book for children shiny
hair easy combing
I will explain why I use it
baby hats because when
use baby hair shampoos
some more curvaceous softer when
also use conventional shampoos Well
tell older my hair some
very heavy very fat strange but
only baby shampoo saves therefore
love this plugin myself often and will
Further shower gel from planeta organica
organic sea ​​buckthorn is very nice
smell it from here so here dispenser
therefore it is convenient to use it it smells
do not glare their some candy me
it seems so cool to his very
loved and of course what is needed
the sea is waterproof sunscreen
tanning emulsion me this is spf50 sun
energy seems to me cool and already
enjoyed last year in Turkey and she
actually helps you do n't burn and
good thing but all the same for everyone
case i take the balm after tan
from the summit I also use it no longer
first time and it seems to me a good balm
It helps soothes the skin if you
burned down
and even take a toothbrush and toothpaste soap
for washing just i show drag it here
put well and basically it was this
it was all about my video as you can see
I didn't take too much cosmetics because
that I don't want to be very hard
don't like these
bags that's why I'm here for you
I liked this video very much
she very soon I have blush from
fifty fifth number
start-up guests drawing and case